feat: expose single event stream in Call combining sfu and coordinator events (#625)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/03-core-concepts/09-call-events.mdx

| `StreamCallBroadcastingStartedEvent`          | Triggered when broadcasting starts for a call.        |
| `StreamCallBroadcastingStoppedEvent`          | Triggered when broadcasting stops for a call.         |
| **Session Events**                            |                                                       |
| `StreamCallSessionStartedEvent`               | Triggered when a new session starts for a call.       |
| `StreamCallSessionEndedEvent`                 | Triggered when a session ends for a call.             |
| `StreamCallSessionParticipantJoinedEvent`     | Triggered when a participant joins the call session.  |
| `StreamCallSessionParticipantLeftEvent`       | Triggered when a participant leaves the call session. |
| **Other Events**                              |                                                       |
| `StreamCallUserBlockedEvent`                  | Triggered when a user is blocked in a call.           |
| `StreamCallUserUnblockedEvent`                | Triggered when a user is unblocked in a call.         |
| `StreamCallReactionEvent`                     | Triggered when someone sends a reaction during a call.|

## Custom event

> We also support custom events. This is basically just a real time layer that you can broadcast your own events to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stream Video also supports custom events. This is a real-time layer that you can broadcast your own events to.
```
